# SimBench

This repo contain data and meta-data required to establish a "judge" LLM (J-LLM) that assesses the quality of Digital Twins (DTs) produced by another LLM. Specifically, SimBench is a benchmark designed to evaluate the proficiency of student large language models (S-LLMs) in generating DTs that can be used in simulators for virtual testing. Given a collection of S-LLMs, this benchmark enables the ranking of the S-LLMs based on their ability to produce high-quality DTs. More than 20 open- and closed-source S-LLMs have been assessed by using a J-LLM produced using the data herein.

Using multi-turn interactions, SimBench employs a rule-based J-LLM that leverages both predefined rules and human-in-the-loop guidance to assign scores for the DTs generated by the S-LLM, thus providing a consistent and expert-inspired evaluation protocol. The J-LLM is specific to a simulator, and herein the proposed benchmarking approach is demonstrated in conjunction with the Chrono multi-physics simulator. Chrono provided the backdrop used to assess an S-LLM in relation to the latter's ability to create digital twins for multibody dynamics, finite element analysis, vehicle dynamics, robotic dynamics, and sensor simulations. The proposed benchmarking principle is broadly applicable and enables the assessment of an S-LLM's ability to generate digital twins for other simulation packages. However, other simulators require different but qualitatively similar data that is specific to the simulator of interest.

A description of the approach used to produce the J-LLM is available here:
```bibtex
@article{jingquanSimbench2024,
  title={{SimBench: A Rule-Based Multi-Turn Interaction Benchmark for Evaluating an LLM's Ability to Generate Digital Twins}},
  author={Jingquan Wang and Harry Zhang and Huzaifa Mustafa Unjhawala and Peter Negrut and Shu Wang and Khailanii Slaton and Radu Serban and Jin-Long Wu and Dan Negrut},
  journal={arXiv preprint arXiv:xxxx.xxxxx},
  year={2024},
  institution={University of Wisconsin-Madison}
}
```
## Highlights of the paper
Stuff to be added.
